Step 1
In this workshop, you will create a program called caesar cipher which is an encryption
 method that shifts letters in the alphabet to encode messages.

Start by creating a variable called shift and assign the value 5 to your new variable.

Step 2
Declare another variable called alphabet and assign the string abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz to this variable.

Step 3
In this workshop, you are going to build a Caesar cipher. This is one of the simplest 
techniques to encrypt text, which consists of substituting each letter of the plain 
text with the letter found at a fixed number of positions down the alphabet. 
For example, with a shift of 5, a would be replaced by f, b by g and so on.

To implement this cipher, you'll need to create a new version of your alphabet 
that starts at the position indicated by the shift. As you learned in a previous
 lesson, you can extract part of a string using string slicing:

Example Code
fcc = 'freeCodeCamp'
print(fcc[8:]) # Camp

Create a variable named shifted_alphabet and use the slicing syntax to assign it the
portion of alphabet that starts at the index of shift. Then, call the built-in print()
function to print shifted_alphabet on the terminal and look at the result.

Step 4
As you can see from the output, the shifted alphabet starts at the letter f because shift
has the value 5. But now the first five letters of the alphabet – a, b, c, d and e – are
missing from the shifted alphabet, so you'll need to add them at the end of the shifted alphabet.
You can use the + operator to concatenate the missing portion of the alphabet.
Modify the existing assignment of the shifted_alphabet variable: use the slicing syntax to extract
the missing first portion of alphabet and concatenate it to alphabet[shift:].
As a reminder, sentence[start:stop] returns the characters of sentence from position start
(included) to stop (excluded).

Step 5
Now that you have your entire shifted alphabet, remove the print(shifted_alphabet) call.

Step 6
The str.maketrans() method takes two strings of equal length and returns a translation table 
that maps each character of the first string with the corresponding character of the second 
string. Each character in the translation table is stored as a Unicode ordinal, a number that
uniquely identifies the character.

Example Code
lower_chars = 'abc'
upper_chars = 'ABC'
table = str.maketrans(lower_chars, upper_chars)
print(table) # {97: 65, 98: 66, 99: 67}

You'll learn more about the type of structure returned by str.maketrans() later on in the curriculum. 
For now, create a translation table that maps the characters in alphabet to the characters in 
shifted_alphabet and assign it to a variable named translation_table.

Step 7
Declare a new variable named text and assign it the string hello world. This will be the message to encrypt.

Step 8
The translate() method takes as argument the translation table generated by str.maketrans(). 
It is called on a string and returns a copy of the original string where the characters have 
been replaced based on the translation table:

Example Code
t = str.maketrans('lk', 'br')
sentence = 'The tent gave in to the leaks.'
print(sentence.translate(t))

# Output: The tent gave in to the bears.
Call the translate() method on text passing in the translation_table as the argument and 
assign the result to a variable named encrypted_text.

Step 9
Now print encrypted_text to see the output in the terminal.

Step 10
As you can see from the output, the message has been encrypted. The next step will 
be making your code reusable in case you wanted to encrypt different messages.

For that, you'll need to create a function. As a reminder, here's how to create a 
function named spam that prints Spam! on the terminal:

Example Code
def spam():
    print('Spam!')
Create a function named caesar. Put all your existing code within the function body. Pay 
attention to keep the same indentation level for all of the lines within the function body.

Step 11
As you learned in a previous lesson, functions can have parameters, which are variables that 
can be referenced within the function. Here's a sum function with two parameters, num1 and num2.

Example Code
def sum(num1, num2):
    print(num1 + num2)
The message to encrypt and the shift are still hardcoded in your function. Give your function 
two parameters named text and shift, and delete the declarations of both the text and shift 
variables from the caesar function body.

Step 12
Now, test the caesar function by calling it with the string freeCodeCamp and the number 3 
as the arguments. Assign the function call to a variable named encrypted_text.

Step 13
Now your code is reusable. However, the caesar function prints a message on the terminal 
and gives back None by default. To prove it, print encrypted_text at the end of your code.

Step 14
In previous lessons, you learned that the return statement is used to return a value from 
a function, so that you can use it elsewhere in your code:

Example Code
def spam():
    return 'Spam!'
Remove the print(encrypted_text) call from your function. Then, delete the declaration of the 
encrypted_text variable and return directly text.translate(translation_table) from your function.

Step 15
You might have noticed that, although the message is encrypted, the uppercase characters have been 
left untouched. This happens because the translation table does not include uppercase letters.

To fix it, you'll need to modify the strings passed to your str.maketrans() call using the 
upper() method:

Example Code
greet = "Hello"
print(greet.upper()) # HELLO
Update your str.maketrans() call by concatenating to each argument the uppercase version 
of the argument itself.

Step 16
Now that you've implemented the basic functionalities of the cipher, it's time to add 
some validation. For that, you'll need an if statement.

At the beginning of your function body, create an if statement. For now, use True as the 
condition, and within the if statement body return the string Shift must be an integer value.

Step 17
The isinstance() function returns True if its first argument is an instance of the second 
argument, and False otherwise:

Example Code
print(isinstance('Hello World', str)) # True
print(isinstance(42, int)) # True
Replace the current condition of your if statement with an isinstance() call. Pass in shift 
as the first argument, and int as the second argument.

Step 18
As you recall from previous lessons, the not operator is a unary logical operator that 
negates an expression:

Example Code
print(not True) # False
print(not False) # True
Use the not operator to fix the condition of the if statement so that your function 
returns Shift must be an integer value. when shift is not an integer.

Step 19
A negative or null shift should not be accepted by your function. Therefore, after your 
first if statement, create another if statement that checks if shift is less than 1 and 
returns the string Shift must be a positive integer.

Step 20
As you've already verified, the shift passed to encrypt the text should be a positive 
integer. It cannot exceed 25 (the last index of alphabet) though.

Add a second condition to the if statement that checks if shift is greater than 25. Remember 
that the logical OR operation in Python is implemented through the or operator.

Also, update the returned message to Shift must be an integer between 1 and 25.

Step 21
Python allows you to specify a default value for the parameters in a function, creating 
a function that can be called with fewer or no arguments. Here's how to create a function 
with a name parameter that has a default value:

Example Code
def greet(name='Polly'):
    return 'Hello ' + name
    
print(greet()) # Hello Polly
Add a third parameter named encrypt to your function and give it a default value of True.

Step 22
You are going to use the parameter added in the previous step to determine if the function 
should encrypt the text passed to it (default behavior, encrypt=True), or if it should 
decrypt an encrypted message.

Create an if statement that checks if encrypt is not truthy. Within the new if statement, 
set shift to - shift. This is necessary to enable the shift to take place in the opposite 
direction with respect to the encryption process.

Step 23
Declare two functions named encrypt and decrypt, both with text and shift parameters.

You'll use encrypt for the encryption process, and decrypt for the decryption, labeling 
the two actions with a descriptive name.

Return a caesar call passing in text and shift from both your new functions, but make sure 
to pass in also False as the third argument for the decrypt function.

Step 24
It's time to test the encrypt function. Using the same arguments, replace your caesar call 
with a call to encrypt. You'll see the same output on the terminal.

Step 25
Now you're going to test the decrypt function. Replace the value assigned to encrypted_text with 
the following string, which represents a message to decrypt: Pbhentr vf sbhaq va hayvxryl cynprf.

Then, declare a variable named decrypted_text and assign it a call to decrypt with encrypted_text 
as it first argument and a shift of 13 as the second argument.

Finally, print the decrypted_text on the terminal. With that, the Caesar cipher is complete.